CHE simulator user manual

                                                                                                                                    1/7
Ver 1.0.0 Jarmo Mäkelä
                                                                                                                                                    2/7
1 INTRODUCTION                4

2 User interface              5

2.1 Connection section        5

2.2 Current position section  6

2.3 Heartbeat section         6

2.4 Status section            6

2.5 Job data section          7

2.6 Actions window            7

                                 3/7
1 INTRODUCTION
This manual instructs how to operate with che simulator application.
Che simulator offers simple interface to TOS system including these
features:

     - connecting to TOS system as client or server
     - sending pick/place messages to TOS system
     - sending heartbeat messages to TOS messages
     - receiving job messages from TOS system
     - actions window to follow message flow
Before using che simulator it has to be installed by executing
corresponding installer. It is a window executable
(KcCheSimulatorInstaller.exe) and it creates startup icon to desktop.
Icon that installer creates looks like this.

Start your application double clicking this icon.

                                                                                                                                                               4/7
2 User interface
User interface window looks like this

From TOS Type dropdown box you can select between three different versions
YARDIT PDS 4.0
YARDIT PDS 3.3
YARDIT PDS 3.0
Different sections of the user interface are handled in the next chapters.

     2.1 Connection section
      In Connection Type dropdown box you can select between TCP Client
      and TCP Server options. Other options are currently not working.
      IP Address is the destination (TOS) computer IP address. If TCP Server
      is used, then address selection is not meaningful and is neglected because
      TCP server is listening at any port.
      Port is the port where TOS system is listening (Client Mode) or where CHE
      simulator is listening (Server Mode).

                                                                                                                                                               5/7
If Ack Required check box is checked then job message is confirmed with
acknowledge message. Also pick/place message expects
acknowledgement.
Max Resents spin box used to set up how many times pick/place message
is resent if not acknowledged. This setting is meaningful only if Ack
Required check box is checked.
Resent Delay spin box is used to set up how many times pick/place
message is resent if not acknowledged. This setting is meaningful only if
Ack Required check box is checked.
Connect/Listen push button is used to connect to tcp server (client mode)
or to start listening at predefined port (server mode).

2.2 Current position section

At CheId text box the name of the simulated crane can be given.
At Pos1 the position of the container 1 can be given.
At Pos2 the position of container 2 (only twinlift) can be given.
Container size can be selected from dropdown list Cont size.
Twinlift can be activated by checking corresponding checkbox.
Cont. Weight (kg) text box can be used to feed in container weight in
kilograms.
By pressing Pick or Place push buttons pick/place messages can be sent.

2.3 Heartbeat section
Heartbeat checkbox can be used to activate heartbeat message.
Heartbeat message will be sent at constant intervals defined at Interval
selection box. Number defines the interval in seconds.

2.4 Status section
In this section the following data can be given to be sent in
heartbeat message:

     - Autosteering Status (OK/ERROR)
     - GPS Status (selection between seven different statuses)
     - Crane Status (selection between four different statuses)
     - Crane X position in meters compared to base station
     - Crane Y position in meters compared to base station.

                                                                                                                                                         6/7
     - PLC communication status (OK/Failure)
2.5 Job data section
In this section job data message information is displayed including

     - Lift position 1 for container 1
     - Lift position 2 for container 2 (only twinlift)
     - Pick position 1 for container 1
     - Pick position 2 for container 2 (only twinlift)
     - Lift xyz position (if used)
     - Pick xyz position (if used)
     - Truck place for lift (if used)
     - Truck place for pick (if used)
     - Container size in feet
     - Position on truck (if used)
     - Truck Type (if used)
2.6 Actions window
In actions window messages flowing from/to simulator will be
displayed most recent message always at top.

                                                                                                                                                         7/7
